Two-sided fibrations (#456)
the1lab/1lab: src/Cat/Displayed/Instances/Comma.lagda.md

    module B = Cat.Reasoning B
    module C = Cat.Reasoning C
    module F = Cat.Functor.Reasoning F
    module G = Cat.Functor.Reasoning G

  open is-discrete-two-sided-fibration
  open Displayed
```
-->

Comma categories are [[discrete two-sided fibrations]].

```agda
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration
    : is-discrete-two-sided-fibration (Comma F G)
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .fibre-set _ _ = hlevel 2
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .cart-lift f g .centre =
    g C.∘ F.₁ f , C.eliml G.F-id
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .cart-lift f g .paths (h , p) =
    Σ-prop-path! (sym p ∙ C.eliml G.F-id)
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .cocart-lift f g .centre =
    G.₁ f C.∘ g , C.intror F.F-id
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .cocart-lift f g .paths (h , p) =
    Σ-prop-path! (p ∙ C.elimr F.F-id)
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .vert-lift {x = f} {y = g} {u = h} {v = k} p =
    G.F₁ B.id C.∘ G.F₁ k C.∘ f   ≡⟨ C.eliml G.F-id ⟩
    G.F₁ k C.∘ f                 ≡⟨ p ⟩
    g C.∘ F.₁ h                  ≡⟨ C.intror F.F-id ⟩
    (g C.∘ F.F₁ h) C.∘ F.F₁ A.id ∎
  Comma-is-discrete-two-sided-fibration .factors _ = prop!
```

> Every $B$-vertical morphism in a discrete two-sided fibration is [[cartesian|cartesian-morphism]],
> but this is not neccesarily true of *every* morphism. For instance, cartesian
> maps in comma categories are precisely squares that satisfy the following
> pasting property: for every (potentially non-commuting) square of the below
> form, if the outer square commutes, then the upper square commutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every *$B$-vertical* morphism in a discrete two-sided fibration is [[cartesian|cartesian morphism]],
but this is not neccesarily true of *every* morphism. In our setting,
the cartesian maps are given by squares that satisfy the following
pasting property: for every (potentially non-commutative) square of the below
form, if the overall rectangle commutes, then the upper square commutes.
```

something like this instead?
